h3. Summary:

This is a small, fast and semantic plugin which utilizes event delegation and wraps the title attribute content so that it may be styled as a tooltip.
The styled tooltip replaces the native browser style title display but does not permanently alter the attribute.
The tooltip element will be positioned relative to the title containing element on mouse over.

h3. Dependencies

* "jQuery > 1.4":http://jquery.com/

h3. Basic Use:

<pre><ul id="container">
<li title="this is a tooltip"></li>
</ul></pre>

<code>$("#container").toolTip();</code>

h3. Available Options:

h4. apply a fade effect to the show/hide action, always false for browsers that don't support opacity

* fade: true

h4. time before the tooltip appears in ms

* delay: 1000

h4. class to add to the tooltip

* elementClass: "ui-tooltip"

h4. a list of elements that you want to keep the native title style for inside your container

* filter: ".someElem, #someOtherElem"

h4. must contain at least a wrapper element and a child element with id of tooltip-content

* template: ""

h4. speed of the fade effect

* fadeSpeed: "fast"

h3. License (MIT):

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.